From tomorrow.
Hengtai will change its appearance, what do you mean?
I want to join Hengtai.
Wherever you are
This statement must be sent to me.
If not the size of ginger
You want to send a lawyer letter.
Send it directly to Hengtai, and we will announce it.
Young people don't judge themselves well.
In that case.
Then I will satisfy you.
Come on, don't talk shit to them.
The Jiang crisis has been resolved.
It's not because those people are angry.
When Ichiki talked online before, he was very gentle.
Why do you feel a little impatient today?
In our work.
I hate little people who steal other people's work the most, and I've been really quiet.
Really? Of course not.
Important work.
Hey, General Director Jiang.
I'm Zhuo.
I want to suggest a new place to advertise and the Pacific Ocean.
Liangcheng New Landmark is our next core project of Jiangbin.
Are you sure you want to fight the Giang Bay?
I can only celebrate life.
I'm Sanichi.
No, how did that little fox know that Xu Tien was fighting?
You probably don't want to go to war with me.
Dad, did you move?